# Product-Review-Using-Sentimental-Analysis

Abstract: consumers and their behaviour are prime studies for any data analytics working for a company. They always try to follow traits of masses so that they could address what most of the population need and could solve that problem effectively by that could address what the masses need. Since we are working in a data era where 90% of the data on the internet has been created since 2016, according to an IBM Marketing Cloud study. People, businesses, and devices have all become data factories that are pumping out incredible amounts of information to the web each day & this pool of data can be classified in 3 broad classes structured , unstructured and semi-structured. Structured data has a structure which makes it very easy to process for any type of analysis whereas unstructured type of data is what we are focusing on in this paper , where no direct implication can be drawn directly from the data , so it is processed before you can draw some direct interpretation from that. Here in our proposed model we are processing tweets related to products through textblob a module in NLTK package of python. These tweets will be tokenised i.e. it will be broken into sentences and then words and then We will be analysing those tweets using a lexical dictionary where we will search the tokens from the the tweets into the dictionary and dictionary will be telling us a value on a scale of -1 to 1 where -1 means strongly negative 1 means strongly positive and 0 means neutral. And then score of each words are normalised for the sentence and a final marks is generated for every tweet which helps us to categorise the tweet in a broad 5 classes , Strong weak and neutral of positine and negative.this will help a company to seek review through a different angle.and since reviews are limited but tweets are not so this will give better result.
